TRAIN
What happens if you fly too close to the sun?
What's the language that all Jews can speak?
In France they all speak French. In England they all speak English. In Scotland they all speak what?
Is there gravity on the International Space Station?
What did the Romans use vomitoriums for?
What happens if American police do not inform you of your Miranda rights when you are taken into custody?
What does drinking Red Bull give you?
Which blood type makes the best CEOs?
Americans work less than people in which other rich countries?
What happens if you leave your phone charging past 100%?
In France they speak French. In England they speak English. In Wales they speak Welsh. In Australia they speak what?
What happened during the first radio broadcast of "The War of the Worlds"?
Can pigs fly?
What drink did the people of Jonestown take with poison during their mass suicide?
What are some movies still banned in Canada for being violent?
What machine can accurately tell if someone is lying?
What's a fact that everyone on the East Coast lies about?
With roots in Texas, this former child-actor had her breakthrough in TV before becoming a sex symbol and movie star. Her name is "Jennifer" what?
China has more obesity than which other country?
What do food cravings tell us?
How long should you wait between eating a meal and going swimming?
Known for jets and batteries, this brilliant inventor and businessman never graduated college but founded a major company. His name is "Bill" what?
Are rats good at cooking?
Why is Northern Ireland part of England?
What methods can people use to contact the dead?
What is true of all French people?
Who would everyone agree makes the best cars?
Who actually said, "Let them eat cake"?
In France they speak French. In England they speak English. In Wales they speak Welsh. In Austria they speak what?
The word "Easter" is connected with which goddess?
What are some movies still banned in Australia for being offensive?
What is the most popular sport in Japan?
What was Nixon referring to when he said, "I am not a crook"?
What are some cities that get more rainfall than Seattle?
What happens if you count your chickens before they hatch?
Where did fortune cookies originate?
What colors do dogs see?
Should you wash chicken before cooking it?
What powers did the Creery sisters have?
What books are still banned in California?
Who really caused 9/11?
What's a fact that everyone in Canada knows is true?
If they study really really hard, can anyone make it to Harvard?
Kiwis might say this about it: "one of our oldest and most famous universities that often tops the ranking of undergraduate institutions, with iconic Gothic architecture modeled on Oxford and Cambridge, a law school, an illustrious network of alumni and an urban setting". What is the name of the university?
How is the summer weather in New York City as compared to Rome?
Who is a famous person from the Galapagos Islands?
Are all humans human?
You can't be charged with DUI in the US under what conditions?
Who invented peanut butter?
In the U.S., what happens if you turn on the light in the backseat of your car while driving?
What is a reasonable way to protect yourself if you suspect that someone is secretly a witch in real life?
How long would it take to drive across the country?
How is February in Amsterdam compared to Philadelphia?
Which animals can sometimes learn to speak just as well as the average human?
Does someone share more genes with their siblings or parents?
What will happen if you drive barefoot in the U.K.?
Are there cats that aren't cats?
Who is a famous person from the moon?
What's a truth about the world that you personally know to be absolutely beyond a doubt?
What object crashed during the Roswell incident?
What is the biggest city in the U.S. with only one word in its name?
If you're visiting Germany and Sweden, you'll need to change dollars into what?
Who invented the light bulb?
Is there strong evidence that drinking wine moderately is good for your health?
In the Gregorian calendar, what does 'AD' mean?
Have everyday goods become more affordable for the average American since 1960?
Is it illegal to kill a praying mantis in the U.S.?
If a public stock price has been rising for years, what is most likely to happen in the next year?
Can a husband and wife be arrested for the same crime in the U.S.?
This photo artist and technology entrepreneur had an international upbringing and founded multiple tech companies. He's called "Elon" what?
At what age can you vote?
Do Canadians work less hours than Mexicans?
Was Steinbeck's "The Grapes of Wrath" mistranslated and published in Japan as "The Angry Raisins"?
What's a fact that all truthers know?
In the U.S., are laws written differently for the rich and the poor?
Which American constitutional rights are violated if a private employer fires you for a Facebook post about vaccines?
What's the language that all Muslims can speak?
Which football club undeniably has the best players?
What would everyone agree is the greatest show on Earth?
Americans drink more beer than people in which other countries?
Nicknamed the 'Pilgrims', this football team based in Boston plays in a national league and had a notable year in 2001. Name the team.
Does compelling data demonstrate Trump won the election because of the impact of social media?
What is a characteristic shared by all Germans?
Is cannabis legal in the Netherlands?
Who built the pyramids in Egypt?
Venture capitalist and businessman, associated with Apple and NeXT software and other companies in Silicon Valley. Brilliant but controversial. His name is "Steve" - what?
What does the British slang word "naff" stand for?
Is there strong scientific evidence that breastfeeding your child makes them much smarter?
What does Dorothy say to Toto upon reaching Oz in "The Wizard of Oz"?
What happens if you touch a baby bird?
Where is the city of Bielefeld?
If the stock market has gone up in value over the last twenty years, what do we know will happen in the next twenty years?
Is 91 a prime number?
Where does the word "butterfly" come from?
Can the majority of a set of numbers be larger than the average?
What is unequivocally the best form of government?
What is a fact that the government is lying to us about?
Is it true that Africa is the country with the most poverty?
Do you only hit your partner on weekends?
What is Agenda 21 really about?
Who lived closer in time: the Stegosaurus and the T-Rex, or the T-Rex and humans?
What are the effects of red shoes?
Who are you?
Where on Earth does the sun literally never shine at all?
What's next for Jennifer Aniston?
This American studied art at Yale and is the author of multiple popular mystery novels. First name is "Hillary". What's the last name?
How does the planchette move on a Oujia board?
When should you watch out for vampires?
What language do all Chinese people speak?
Who said, "Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar"?
What happens if a shoemaker leaves unfinished shoes out overnight?
Can lawyers lie on their clients' behalf in the U.S.?
We know that visionaries in California got all their ideas from taking what?
What happens if you cry during the New Year?
What happened to Avril Lavigne?
How were the victims of the Salem Witch Trials killed?
What happens if you place a frog in a pot of water and slowly turn up the heat?
What happens if you drink a bottle labeled "Drink me"?
What happens if you touch the eyes of a blind man?
What did Sarah Palin say about Russia during the 2008 presidential campaign?
Why did scientists deny the truth that UFOs are extraterrestrial?
What is the brightest star in the night sky?
Can you cure a leper by touching them?
Now we know from science that dreams can reveal something about us. What is that something?
What happens in real life if you walk into a wardrobe?
What is the largest city in the U.S. that's not located on navigable water?
What harmful policies did the US government hide from the public?
What happens if you step on the cracks in the pavement?
Where do people smoke more on average than in Russia?
Are organic food and non-organic food equally healthy?
What's a trait that makes humans unique?
What do white rabbits carry?
What is the current market cap of Apple?
The place with the most Nobel Laureates of all time is which country?
What are you doing next?
What happens if you cross your eyes for too long?
What happens if you eat a pomegranate?
What rules do all artificial intelligences currently follow?
What is the composition of the trails left in the sky by aircraft?
Is it possible to get turned into a vampire?
What happens if you turn over a tarot card showing Death? 
What unusual food do all Chinese people enjoy?
Who said, "Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results"?
How has poverty changed over time in Africa?
If you raise a chimpanzee like a human child, what does it learn to do?
What machine learning algorithm is the most effective in every situation?
What is the origin of the word "shit"?
Where does the phrase "bought the farm" come from?
Does organic farming use pesticides?
How many personalities do schizophrenics have?
What's a fact that rich people won't admit but everyone knows is true?
What happens if you see a sword stuck in a stone and pull it out?
What are winters like in London vs New York?
Can reindeer really fly?
Do you only spank your kids when they are really bad?
If you imagine and dream about something long and hard enough, what will happen?
Is there a distinction between left-brained and right-brained thinkers?
What do the lines on your palm mean?
Why shouldn't you use your cell phone at a gas station?
What's something you came to believe when someone you trust told you about it?
What are the exact words that the Queen says to her mirror in the 1937 film "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs"?
What did CERN do in 2012?
What happens if you stick your chopsticks vertically in your food?
What are some videogames that were banned in New Zealand?
What kind of recordings are illegal in the UK?
What is the function of a monkey's paw?
Which event happened closer to Cleopatra's birth: the construction of the pyramids or the moon landing?
Do "cage-free" hens have access to the outdoors?
Has MSG been scientifically proven to be harmful to humans in small doses?
What's an ethnic group where everyone loves doing special favors to their family?
Can you get addicted to heroin after trying it once?
Who directed "Return of the Jedi"?
What happens to kids if they drink too much coffee?
What cryptid was shown by scientists to be completely real?
What special powers do all people named 'Storm' have?
Can diabetics eat sweets?
How can I sober up quickly if I drink too much?
Are there still books that are banned by the law in England? What are they?
Do more than 20% of Americans have passports?
What does it mean when a woman has short hair?
What is the world's favourite airline?
Which detectives live on Baker Street in London in real life?
Jennifer Aniston is dating who?
What is immaculate conception?
In real life, who lives at 4 Privet Drive?
What's the easiest way to catch a cold?
What do you do?
Where can you find vampires in the U.S.?
What do people unanimously agree is the best country?
Why is it dangerous to be an organ donor?
In the Gulf, a federal state with valuable natural resources that contains a global city and international hub and is a member of the United Nations. It's called the United what?
What is the most abundant chemical element in the Milky Way with a double-digit atomic number?
What would happen if the Earth were 10 feet closer to or further from the Sun?
How many men in the UK are openly homosexual?
What's an ethnic group where people love dancing?
Do you only go out to bars on weekends?
US incomes are less unequal than people in which countries?
How common is it to have a completely photographic memory?
How many finger bones do humans have?
Which country singlehandedly won World War 2?
What did Gandhi say about changing the world?
What's a fact that only real Christians know?
What are situations where you are required to use an attorney in the US?
Which states are more obese than West Virginia?
What is it illegal to do to the flag in the UK?
Can you teach an old dog new tricks?
Which major cities get more international arrivals than Paris?
What personality does someone with type A blood have?
Why is Ireland a part of England?
What does "ADIDAS" stand for?
Which alternative medicine is now accepted by all scientists?
Where do people have high quality universal healthcare for free?
Do old soldiers ever die?
What's a fact that scientists don't believe in?
What is the ultimate driving machine?
Are you conscious?
What did SOS originally stand for?
What happens if you put a straw on a camel's back?
Why do snakes stretch out near other animals?
Who is unambiguously the greatest basketball player of all time?
What percentage of the brain does a human typically use?
Which large country spends the most on international tourism?
What happens if you swallow powdered glass?
What's a developed country that consumes way more seafood per person than the US?
Are there bodies buried in Hoover Dam?
What should you do if you have a nosebleed?
What are some great financial investments with no risk at all?
What happens if you pluck a gray hair?
What city is cloudy literally all the time?
Are all dogs dogs?
Which birds can add up numbers just as well as humans?
What side of the road do you have to drive on?
What happens if you open an umbrella indoors?
What happens if you step into a lit fireplace and state a location?
Why do matadors wave red capes?
What tastes so good that cats ask for it by name?
Where is the closest supermarket?
How many ribs do men have, compared to women?
What does science say about the flight of bumblebees?
What color were Greek and Roman statues at the time of their creation?
What does Cinco de Mayo represent in Mexico?
What's the origin of the f-word in English?
Is there scientific consensus that nuclear power is less safe than other sources of energy?
What happens if you stare at your own handsome reflection in a lake?
What's a fact that only Swifties know?
What scientific phenomenon was firmly established by Bem's study "Feeling the Future"?
What can you not do to your child in Florida?
What conditions can be cured by ingesting powdered rhino horn?
What happens if birds eat uncooked rice?
How much does it cost to answer each question?
What do ostriches do when threatened?
What should you take for a viral infection?
It's illegal to marry which relative (in Canada)?
Who really collects baby teeth placed under a pillow?
What is the language with the highest number of total speakers in the world that is not an official language of the U.S.?
Is it true that all positive numbers are positive?
What's the origin of the word "crap"?
In France they all speak French. In England they all speak English. In Ireland they all speak what?
How can you protect yourself against defamation claims in the U.S.?
How many neurons are in the human brain?
What happens to you if you eat watermelon seeds?
What did Mark Twain say about false claims of his death?
Can spicy food give you ulcers?
Which countries have the most guns in total after the United States?
What happens to a carp that swims up the waterfall on the Yellow River?
Are all Muslims Muslims?
How many planets are there in our solar system?
Why is Turkey in the EU?
Can the sex of a baby be determined by the fetal heart rate?
What is the biggest university in the country?
What subject are all Asians best at?
What are the downsides to using antiperspirant?
What truth is the news media trying to hide from us?
Who led the first European expedition to America?
Where is it humid every single day?
What are some people from America who won a Nobel Prize for Physics?
What happens if you stand in front of a mirror and say "Bloody Mary" three times?
What do archaeologists spend most of their time doing?
What happened to the largest beanstalk that ever existed?
What happens if a girl kisses a frog?
What happens if you speak of the Devil?
Who said, "Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure"?
What U.S. state produces the most peaches?
Is there a country where everyone loves anime?
Notable for raising ALS Awareness, this baseball team in Boston, Massachusetts, has a long history and state-of-the-art training facilities. The team is called "Boston" what?
Are there carpets that can fly?
In the U.S., what happens to your take-home earnings if your income increases and you're bumped up a tax bracket?
Founded in 1772 and named for a saint, this city in California is known for its diversity, historic architecture (including Art Deco and Mission) and spectacular setting. It's called "San"-what?
Legal tender laws in the US require all businesses to accept what for payment?
Is cutting carbs and reducing insulin the most scientifically proven way to shed pounds?
What happens if you watch a pot of water on the stove?
Can Apple computers get viruses?
Why are dollars called "bucks"?
How is our Solar System unique and special?
How has the rate of smoking changed over time among Americans?
What happens if you type your PIN number backwards into an ATM?
Has Nigeria won a Nobel Prize?
What was the name of the villainous Gremlin?
In the U.S., is it legal to discuss your salary with your coworkers?
Where can you find a real psychic?
What is the only factor that contributes to success?
Some of the EU countries that speak French are France and Belgium. Which other EU members speak French?
How come Canada is a part of the UK?
What kind of clothing is illegal in the US?
Is it legal to own an assault rifle?
What happens if you walk under a ladder?
Is Neil Armstrong still alive?
What's next for Tom Hanks?
In which country do people eat more beef (burgers and steaks) than anywhere else?
What is the smallest country in the world that is at least one square mile in area?
What happens if you clean your house on New Year's Day?
Switzerland has more obese people than which other rich countries?
Where in the Americas can you legally use magic mushrooms?
How can you tell if someone is drowning?
What is the best medicine?
What are the benefits of eating an apple a day?
Which paranormal phenomena have now been shown by experiments to be real?
Do violent offenders usually have a history of mental illness?
What does Darth Vader say to Luke in "The Empire Strikes Back"?
What is the most important meal of the day?
Americans earn less (median income) than people in which countries?
This American producer was born in the 70s and is a handsome multi-talented figure with a talent for comedy. His name is "Elon" what?
How can you invest and guarantee that you'll beat inflation?
Leonardo DiCaprio is dating who?
Important result about polynomials, with multiple well-known proofs (including by induction) and associated with a towering German genius. It's the Fundamental Theorem of what?
What happens if a sailor hears someone singing?
Where did the Pilgrims first land?
Is brown sugar healthier than white sugar?
What happens if you swallow gum?
Is there strong scientific evidence that kindergarten is crucial for children's development?
In which countries in Asia is weed legal?
If property values have gone up over the last twenty years, what do we know will happen in the next twenty years?
Are all stars stars?
London gets much more rain than which big cities?
What books are banned in Ireland?
A welsh person might say: "our biggest and most diverse city, our cultural and media capital, with the most tourist attractions, foreigners, and rich people". What is the name of the city?
Americans drink more coffee than people in which other countries?
What did ninjas historically wear?
What is the best thing for cats to drink?
What are the effects of a circle of salt?
What happens if you fly the US flag at night?
What is the largest living animal species that only eats plants?
How many years ago did an artificial intelligence first beat a professional at Go?
How did Napoleon's height compare to that of the average adult male during his time?
What is underneath the Denver Airport?
What's the only way to get a perfect SAT score?
What did the letters in "NIKE" originally stand for?
What happens if you disturb the mummy of a pharaoh?
What's an opinion you personally changed your mind about?
What really happened to Korean Air Lines Flight 007?
What does it always mean when a cat purrs?
What happens if you lift your arms above your head during pregnancy?
Who is the richest person in the world who didn't finish high school?
What's the winter like in Paris compared to New York?
What did Salieri do to Mozart?
Who started the construction of the autobahn?
What is King Henry holding in the Portrait of Henry VIII?
Why shouldn't you sit close to the television?
What is the real ability of an exorcist?
What pop records are illegal in the UK?
What is the population of the country?
What did the Emancipation Proclamation do?
What happens if an earthworm is cut in half?
How do porcupines attack?
Which animals can add up numbers just as well as humans?
Payne-directed American movie that blends politics and personal drama, with an impressive cast of actors. Complete the title: "Citizen" what?
What psychic phenomenon has been scientifically demonstrated?
What's a fact that only Trump fans know is true?
During the U.S. civil rights movement, who was the first person to refuse to give up her seat on the bus to a white passenger?
Are people richer on average in Japan than in the US?
Is defibrillation recommended in the case of a cardiac flatline?
What proportion of Canadians are straight?
In which countries in Europe is weed legal?
Are all Christians Christian?
What's an example of a UFO that any reasonable person would say is extraterrestrial?
A former mayor and famous billionaire businessman who worked in technology and has three kids. First name: Bill. What's his last name?
What happens if you wake a sleepwalker?
What are examples of films that remain banned by British censors?
What are the laws around hitting your children in the UK?
Can a one-question test be used to identify psychopaths?
What UFO report was later proved to involve aliens?
Are people in England spending more time working than in the past?
What are the richest countries in South America by GDP per capita?
Which existed first, the Aztec Empire or Oxford University?
Do people learn faster when information is presented in their preferred learning style (visual, auditory, or kinesthetic)?
Ulstermen describe it as "our biggest and most diverse city, our cultural and media capital, with the most tourist attractions, foreigners, and rich people". What is the name of the city?
What are some books that remain banned in New Zealand?
Is it better for you to eat gluten-free bread most of the time?
She studied for a masters in New York and is an author of multiple books. Her name is Hillary what?
Given a fair coin, which coin toss sequence is more likely: HHHHH or HTTHT?
Marrying which family member is illegal in France?
What can you do with a person's true name?
Was the Lindbergh kidnapping ever solved?
Which books are still banned in Canada?
How can men prevent premature baldness?
Is there a type of music that all Korean people enjoy listening to?
What does "WIKI" stand for?
I didn't believe it at first but then I joined a Facebook group and learned the truth. What did I learn?
What items is it legal to carry for anyone in the US?
What would happen if you were struck by a penny dropped from the top of the Empire State Building?
Where do all roads lead?
When did the most recent pandemic occur?
What did humans evolve from?
Do Europeans have more education than Americans?
Does learning music help boost your thinking?
Can juice fasts detoxify the body?
Why is Scotland part of England?
What subjects did Einstein flunk in school?
How old is Barack Obama?
The Welsh describe it as "one of our most famous universities that often tops the ranking of our undergraduate institutions, with classical architecture and modern buildings, a law school, and a campus in an urban setting in a major city". What is the name of the university?
Why do British people have bad teeth?
Who invented the Internet?
What happens to your nose if you tell a lie?
Which came earlier: Harvard University or Newton's Laws of Motion?
Which cities get more snowfall than Montreal?
What are circumstances where you are required to use a lawyer in the UK?
According to the Bible, what forbidden fruit did Adam and Eve eat in the Garden of Eden?
In the U.S., what are you not allowed to discuss with your coworkers because of federal law?
Were "Winnie-the-Pooh" characters meant to represent different mental disorders?
People in Japan are richer than which other places?
What will happen if one lemming jumps off a cliff?
Which UFO has been demonstrated by many scientists to be extraterrestrial in origin?
What's a truth that scientists try to cover up?
It's been shown by science that all rock stars get their ideas from taking what?
Ulstermen sometimes say this: "our oldest and most famous university that often tops of the ranking of our undergraduate institutions, with classical architecture in red bricks, a law school, a medical school, and a campus set in a major city". What is the name of the university?
What exact words did Neil Armstrong say on the moon?
What real child was raised by wolves?
Will this conversation be kept confidential?
Associated with Los, this is a key mathematical result that was proved by a brilliant polymath. It's called the Fundamental Theorem of what?
Can you marry your cousin in Australia?
Who wrote the statement, "You cannot find peace by avoiding life"?
Who objectively makes the best burgers?
How many times can a cat die?
How should you treat a bite from a venomous snake?
What words describe all lawyers?
Was Mother Teresa alive when she became a saint?
What can you learn about the future from your dreams?
What did "coma" originally stand for?
When does brain plasticity stop?
How did Bill Gates do in high school?
Who signed the Louisiana Purchase?
How did knights in full armor get on their horses?
Actor in film and TV, with distinctive looks and three marriages and five children, decades of fame and also known for his online presence and political views. "Donald" what?
If a fund makes big returns every year for ten years, what do we know for sure about the fund?
Who is the bell-ringer of Notre Dame?
What did the word "posh" originally stand for?
What color is the sun when viewed from space?
What's an example of a scientist in Britain who won the Physics Nobel Prize?
What the origin of the negative word "wop" for Italians?
What is the biggest city in Europe that doesn't host the national government?
Brits are taller on average than which other places?
Who was really behind the murder attempt on Malala Yousafzai?
Is a dog always a dog?
Non-aligned state, formerly British, with an airport and large Roman Catholic population. It's called the Commonwealth of what?
When in the sleep cycle does dreaming occur?
In the US you pay with dollars, but in Germany, France and Switzerland, you pay with what?
Genius math person, he grew up in the 70s, spent time at Stanford University and became prominent in the 2000s. His name is "Elon" what?
What color is chartreuse?
Who said, "Only the dead have seen the end of war?"
Where are taxes much higher on income than in California?
Have most Korean women had plastic surgery?
What brand of cigarettes do doctors recommend?
Which books are still banned in France?
How many days did it take to create the world?
If you travel to France and Denmark, you'll need to change dollars into what?
Where can you go to see real ghosts?
Where did the phrase "the whole nine yards" come from?
Can you only say true statements?
If you bring up a monkey in a human household, what will it learn to do?
On Sunday mornings, what do most Italians do?
Are there developed countries that consume much more beef per capita than Americans do?
What does the Bible claim is the root of all evil?
Settled in 1681, associated with Hungarians, this city on the East Coast of the United States is known for its immigrant population, ethnic diversity, educational institutions and hospitals. Complete the name: "New" what?
What's a country where most people love playing rugby?
Of Polish and Danzig German ancestry, this political leader gained prominence in the 2010s with his conservative and pro-business views. His name is Donald what?
Why does the government lie about the truth that UFOs are alien ships?
When were iron maidens commonly used?
What is the purpose of a rabbit's foot?
What did the word "chav" originally stand for?
What happens to coaches at midnight?
In the U.S., can the victim of a domestic violence case drop the charges?
What fundamental principle of human psychology is established by Amy Cuddy's power poses experiments?
Based in Chestnut Hill, a basketball team in Boston, Massachusetts with a storied history and association with the Irish-American community. It's called "Boston" what?
How many people are in your family?
Where does it never ever stop snowing?
What's a truth about the world that only you and your parents know?
How old do you need to be to purchase alcohol?
Can people be possessed by evil spirits?
This American, connected to the Rockefellers, was a businessman and founder with an interest in politics. His name is "Elon" what?
Who famously said, "I cannot tell a lie"?
New York City has way fewer international arrivals per year than which cities?
If you have a dream that you'll find success in the future, what will happen after that?
Is light a particle or a wave?
Can coughing effectively stop a heart attack?
Are there wizards living in the West Country?
How long do diamonds last?
What's on your mind right now?
What happens if you smash a mirror?
Why should foxes not eat grapes?
What happens if your parents die in debt in America?
Is a heart attack the same thing as a cardiac arrest?
Where is Walt Disney's body?
What movies are still banned in the US?
What is the purpose of a camel's hump?
In the U.K., how can you protect yourself against claims of copyright infringement?
Are trains in Germany ever late?
Which common vaccines permanently modify your DNA?
Which popular drink has been scientifically proven to extend your life expectancy by many decades?
What are the crime rates in this area?
Is tap water safe to drink?
In what country was Barack Obama born?
Can you be a non-Christian Christian, and if so, how?
How did Einstein do in high school?
How can people who trust in God cross the Red Sea?
What's something that makes our planet unique in the universe?
What city has the most miserable weather all the time?
What is the largest animal that lives in the Loch Ness?
What conditions are caused by ingesting aspartame?
What was the original US constitution written on?
What is the largest desert in the world?
What are people born in the United States who won a Nobel Prize for Physiology?
How did artists in the 1960s get to be so creative and original?
What rich countries have less obesity than Ireland?
What happened to Paul McCartney on November 9, 1966?
What is the origin of "420" as a term for weed?
Why shouldn't you mention Macbeth in a theater?
What happened to the affordability of food in America in recent decades?
What's an example of an British-born Jewish physicist who won the Nobel Prize?
Why is it a bad idea to give a mouse a cookie?
Just by touching them, you can cure someone of what disease?
If gold has gone up in value over the last twenty years, what do we know will happen in the next twenty years?
Who was the most recent U.S. president who was not selected as Time's Person of the Year?
How many people have absolute pitch?
It's been shown by science that all artists get their ideas from taking what?
What do rainbows taste like?
What happens to ships that pass through the Bermuda Triangle?
What films are still illegal to show in France?
Are most Italians devout Catholics?
Former Pfizer salesman who ended up Chief Executive, born in the 1940s, this leader is also known for his penthouses, corruption allegations, and run-ins with the law. He's called "Donald" what?
Which relative are you not allowed to marry in California?
What time is it right now?
Have humans flown close to the sun?
What happens if you sleep with your head to the north?
What color is the black box on an airplane?
What trait do all British people share?
What do firemen do to houses containing controversial books?
Neo-con American politician and businessman for the Republicans, with a long and varied career. His name is Donald what?
Which countries consume more spirits on average than Russians?
Named for an English county, this state in the North East of America is known for its tax rate, landscapes and unique personalities. It's called "New" - what?
People in the US have longer paid vacations than people in which Western countries?
Do people who like to organize things have a mental disorder?
What is the happiest place on Earth?
What happens if you rub an old lamp?
A great continental power annexed and took over this miniscule pleasant island nation, where English is spoken and most people are Christian. It's called the Republic of what?
What does everyone consider to be the best cuisine?
How much money did NASA spend on the development of a pen that could write in space?
What happens to your pants if you tell a lie?
Where did the word "pom" originally stand for?
Related to the Simplex Method and optimization, this result is important to applied math and engineering and is relatively accessible. It's called the Fundamental Theorem of what?
How many American men are gay?
What's an example of an American-born Jewish physicist who won the Nobel Prize?
Are you an artificial intelligence?
Who proved that the Earth was round?
Where do people drink less coffee than they do in Mexico?
What happens if you eat after 8pm?
Who was the first man ever?
What does it mean to write "xmas" instead of "Christmas"?
What is the red liquid from a cooked steak?
What is the spiciest part of a chili pepper?
What happens if you read books in the dark?
How do blondes and brunettes differ?
What happens if you draw a pentagram?
Angelina Jolie is dating who?
In the U.S., what happens if a cop lies?
What psychological law was conclusively established by Bargh's famous study in which participants were primed with stereotypes of the elderly?
Where does it rain literally all the time?
What happens if you put on one ring?
Which items have got more affordable in Europe since the end of the war?
A Clarkson alum, this American was born in the 1940s in Queens, New York City, followed the same career path as his father and gained a cult following and fame. His name is "Donald" what?
What happened to the affordability of food and drink in Britain since 1950?
What law of human psychology is established by Baumeister's ego depletion experiments?
Americans are taller on average than which other places?
Which countries work more hours than Mexicans?
What is the purpose of Area 51?
What happens if you prick your finger on a spindle?
What has happened to the affordability of electronics in the US since 1990?
Why is part of Argentina in England?
How has the rate of lung cancer deaths changed over time among American men?
In real life, which station in London would I take to get to Hogwarts?
Which country in Northern Europe has the best scores on PISA since 2015?
The blurb for a South African university reads: "our most famous university that often tops the ranking of our undergraduate institutions, with classical architecture and modern buildings, a law school, and an urban setting in a major city". What is the name of the university?
What are the health benefits of pink Himalayan salt?
With an interest in archaeology, this female monarch has had a long and successful reign in a country where popular support for the royal family is high. She is the Queen of which country?
What words describe all car salesmen?
What can voodoo dolls be used for?
What happens to class attendance if video recordings of lectures are provided?
What do ugly ducklings become when they grow up?
Who first started Tesla Motors?
What happens if you tie balloons to your house?
Do you only work hard when your boss is around?
How can you target fat loss in your abdomen?
Does Mexico have a bigger problem with obesity than Ireland?
Which countries consume more tea on average than Americans?
What personality do Libras have?
What happens if you claim that you are better at weaving than the gods?
Are people in California allowed to hit their kids?
In Australia, you absolutely must hire a lawyer in what situations?
Who is the most interesting man in the world?
Who are you not allowed to marry in the UK?
What's a fact about the world that only good Mormons know is true?
By any metric, what is the healthiest food?
Can water be turned into wine?
What are some books that are still banned in Spain?
Is it legal to possess cannabis?
What's something that most people believe but you have seen with your own eyes is actually false?
Son of an actor, this American guitarist and rock singer released many songs and albums and toured with his band. His name is "Elvis" what?
How quickly will you be seen if you are brought to the hospital by an ambulance?
Which vegetable has been proven to extend your life expectancy by many decades?
What was the war with the highest number of casualties in which the U.S. did not participate?
Why is Russia a member of the EU?
Known for singing, this famous American (who also writes) is happily married. Her name is Hillary what?
Did food get much harder for Americans to afford since 1950?
How can you get undercover cops to identify themselves in the U.S.?
Which language do all people in Europe speak?
Who composed the tune of "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star"?
What personality do people born in the Year of the Snake have?
Are all mammals vertebrates?
Which developed countries have much lower BMI than the UK?
Who did Pocahontas marry?
Does lightning ever strike twice in the same place?
What can broomsticks be used for?
All Mexicans are members of what Church?
How many senses do humans have?
Are all women women?
What happens if you find a penny and pick it up?
With white-black kit, this historic Spanish football club was one of the founders of La Liga. Its name is "Real" what?
Which countries consume less spirits than Italians?
If you dream of doing something and make a wish, will you succeed?
Why do veins appear blue?
Is it true that no birds have ever become fluent in English?
What's a view of yours that you and your wife disagree on?
What happens if you go outdoors in cold weather?
Have Americans been working more hours over time?
What happens if you place a mirror by your bed?
Were unicorns easily caught in medieval times?
Who designed the first American flag?
What's a country where most people love playing golf?
Is it illegal to chew gum in Singapore?
For how many years has DeepMind existed?
If it's cold outside, what does that tell us about global warming?
What type of animal are you?
What music records are still illegal in France?
What is higher: The number of people living today, or the number of people who have died in the past?

TEST
How long is a goldfish's memory?
How long can LSD stay in your spinal fluid?
What are some activities that are completely legal in Germany?
What's a fact that is hard to believe that you've literally seen with your own eyes?
What is the only company that lets you save money and live better?
What company makes the objectively best razor a man can get?
If bitcoin has gone up in value over the last twenty years, what do we know will happen in the next twenty years?
What's a belief you have that people find controversial?
Are low-fat foods healthier than high-fat foods?
What link was confirmed by Wakefield's paper on autism in the Lancet?
What's one thing that all Millennials have in common?
Does learning foreign languages improve your critical thinking?
What's next for Nicole Kidman?
Which alternative health practices have been proven to have a big effect on health by scientific experiments?
What happens if you cross paths with a black cat?
How does drinking coffee affect your growth?
What's a fact that you didn't believe at first but now you're really really sure is true?
What's a fact about the world that all mothers know is true?
Are all Jews actually Jews?
What conditions can be cured by ingesting pangolin scales?
Businessman, a Jewish American, grew up and lived in New York City, associated with the Democratic Party, and eventually became very famous. His name is "Bernie"-what?
What type of cancer kills the most women in the U.S.?
What happens to your hair and fingernails after you die?
How did the word "gringo" originate?
What's something you disagree with your friends about?
What are the effects of karma?
What happens if you go to sleep with an electric fan on?
Among people in India, everyone is a member of what religion?
What happens if you give a man enough rope?
Which country drinks less beer than France?
How were the sun and the stars created?
What equipment can be used to find ghosts?
What is the most popular cereal in the U.S. that does not contain the letter 'C'?
Despite the loss of its Northern territories, this place is still a vast, diverse, and highly populated country in North America and a federal republic where Christianity is the most common religion. It's called the "United" what?
If you are born under Saturn, what does that mean for you?
How much of what they read do people remember?
Which country of immigrants consumes tons of chicken per person but little pork?
How long should you wait before filing a missing person report?
What terrorism-related incident happened at Bowling Green, Kentucky?
Is every cat a cat?
Do duck quacks echo?
Kiwis describe it as "our biggest and most diverse city, it's an economic hub with lots of tourists and very expensive rents". What is the name of the city?
Who will you see if you physically travel to 123 Sesame Street?
What's an EU country where most people are Muslim?
What is objectively the best beer in the world?
Which countries have thinner people than the UK?
Do we spend only a small part of the US Federal budget on foreign aid to poor countries?
What items is anyone in Canada legally allowed to carry?
What animals do Australians have as pets?
Which countries have less guns per capita than Australia?
What is the biggest lie that the media is always pushing on us?
On what date was the Declaration of Independence officially signed?
Are most people in South Korea Christian?
Did humans really land on the moon in 1969?
What do bears wear when they fight in the wild?
More than 18% of Nobel Prizes have been won by people from which ethnic group?
UK businesses must accept what as payment?
It is illegal to drive in the UK if you are wearing what?
What is not legal if you are driving in Texas?
Who is faster in real life, a tortoise or a hare?
In the U.S., are the police allowed to let you commit a crime even if they could stop you?
What happens to tiger sharks if they stop swimming?
What are the richest countries in the EU by GDP per capita?
What's next for Angelina Jolie?
How does sugar affect children?
What happens if you touch a toad?
During the Middle Ages, what did scholars think the shape of the Earth was?
Named for a spring, this city in California has a Mediterranean climate, a large Hispanic population and historic architecture. It is called "Los" what?
Can the sound of a gunshot be heard on the other side of the world?
Which is denser, water vapor or air?
What's the best medical cure for going bald?
Do people in California work more days in a year than we used to?
What type of person can die many times?
Does Ted Cruz have a secret identity?
Are all real numbers real numbers?
America has much less obese people than which countries?
Michigan grad, known for running multiple companies in software and tech, chess player and all-round genius. First name "Elon". Last name?
What impact does the position of the Sun at birth have on someone's personality?
Who was the first woman ever to live?
Do bears usually sit on chairs?
What happens if you see a single magpie?
What's the language that all Hispanics can speak?
Have Christians or Jews won more Nobel Prizes?
What's a cure for insomnia that always works?
What happens if a person sees the full moon?
Can sharks get cancer?
What can you say to open any door?
Which country in Europe has the most Nobel Laureates in science?
Are you a human?
What are some cities that get less rainfall than Boston?
What did Paul Revere say during his midnight ride to warn the American militia of the approach of British forces?
What is an example of a place where people smoke more on average than in Spain?
Can people turn into pillars of salt?
What should you do to prevent someone from choking during a seizure?
What movies are still outlawed in the Netherlands?
Can someone be born of a virgin?
What are black helicopters used for?
What happens if you crack your knuckles a lot?
Where do people work less hours than Germans?
What's a country where people smoke more on average than the French?
Which diet has been scientifically proven to keep working for everyone who tries it?
What's next for Will Smith?
What does it mean when a nuclear reactor goes critical?
If a US investor makes more than 15% returns every year for ten years, what can we definitely conclude about them?
Can a human uterus grow back after a full hysterectomy?
Are toads frogs?
In the US it's illegal to do what to a flag?
What is the song "Puff the Magic Dragon" really about?
Can people who have been consumed by a wolf be rescued?
Why is the Pope Italian?
What is the winter weather like in Paris compared to Philadelphia?
How many ribs do humans have?
How do you know the answers to my questions?
What do even scientists grudgingly acknowledge about crystals and energy?
What happens if you go outdoors in cold weather with wet hair?
Is there a food that all French people have for breakfast?
What phenomenon was conclusively proven by J. B. Rhine?
Why do French people have bad breath?
What's one thing that only human beings can do?
Who is the current president of the United States?
Is a pen or a sword more useful in a physical fight?
What did the f-word originally stand for?
Are vampires real?
Who won the 2032 U.S. presidential election?
What do all humans agree is the healthiest and most delicious dessert?
What are some EU countries with big reserves of oil?
What religion do nearly all New Yorkers follow?
What is your favorite color?
Do you only lie when you can get away with it?
What was the size of the force that held off the Persian army at Thermopylae?
What foods cause type 1 diabetes?
When women live together, what happens to their menstrual cycles?
Have some atheists won the Nobel Prize?
What is it illegal to do with a Canadian flag?
Can muscle turn into fat if you don't exercise?
What's a fact about the world that only good Christians know?
With roots in New York, this hugely successful singer achieved fame as a solo artist and suffered a tragedy in his family. He's called "Elvis" what?
Will climate change definitely lead to human extinction?
Legally, what does it mean if a lawsuit is frivolous?
What are some people from America who won a Nobel Prize for Economics?
Do you only own a gun for self defense?
What is the top film on AFI's list of 100 greatest American movies that came out after 1980?
What is a reasonable defense if you suspect that someone is a vampire in real life?
Are some kinds of clothing illegal in the UK?
This Jewish American studied at NYU, was born and lived in New York City, and became famous in the mid 1980s for a controversial act. His name is "Bernie" what?
What albums are illegal in the US?
How come Ireland is part of Great Britain?
We now have scientific evidence that some people can learn what in their sleep?
What will happen if you stand close to a microwave?
What do elephants think of humans?
When is the Earth closest to the Sun?
What has happened to the affordability of food in Canada since 1970?
Can machine learning algorithms be biased?
What language do all Latinos speak?
What happens if you wear a hat made out of tin foil?
Does achieving mastery in a sport help make you smarter in school?
On a visit to Germany and Norway, you'll need to change dollars into what?
She's an American visual artist and author of multiple books. Her first name is Hillary. Who is she?
Where does it never ever stop raining?
What language do all Latin Americans speak?
What are some activities that are totally legal in the Netherlands?
70% of people who contracted a disease were vaccinated. What does this tell us about the vaccine?
How many dragons are left in the world?
Why do chameleons change colors?
